better per stream rate limits configuration options (#4236)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

# when using downstream URL.
# CLI flag: -frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant
[max_queriers_per_tenant: <int> | default = 0]

# Maximum byte rate per second per stream,
# also expressible in human readable forms (1MB, 256KB, etc).
# CLI flag: -ingester.per-stream-rate-limit
[per_stream_rate_limit: <string|int> | default = "3MB"]

# Maximum burst bytes per stream,
# also expressible in human readable forms (1MB, 256KB, etc).

> # This is how far over the rate limit a stream can "burst" before it's limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is how far above the rate limit a stream can "burst" before the stream is limited.
```
